Feature of HTML 5
  1. Semantic Elements
	When constructing an HTML script, the term “semantic” refers to the meaning of the text. 
	Semantics, to put it simply, is the use of HTML tags that accurately reflect the content they contain. 
	For instance, using the <div> tag doesn’t suggest the content it will carry, however using the <p> tag 
	suggests it can be used to hold paragraph information. Some of the examples of the sementic elements are:
	<header>, <footer>, <nav>, <section>

  2. Audio and Video Support
  	One of the many HTML 5 features is the support for audio and video. It has reduced the hassle of relying 
	upon third-party services such as Adobe Flash player. To embed Audio and Video into your HTML document, we can
	use <audio> and <video> tags. 

  4. Geolocation API
	It used to access the geographical position of a user, however, it is not accessed unless the user approves of it.
	While creating apps like taxi apps, food order tracking apps, fitness tracking apps, and more. 
      
  5. Local Storage
	It is a modern feature of HTML and several browsers that typically store data in the user’s browsers and can 
	access them with the help of JavaScript APIs. This feature is useful for creating offline applications 
	where data is need to be stored locally. 

  6. Responsive Images
	Earlier to create responsive images on the web, we have to rely upon several lines of CSS and sometimes 
	JavaScript, however, HTML 5 makes the process handy by including srcset attribute to specify multiple 
	versions of an image at different screen resolutions. 

  7. Web Workers
	When performing several demanding tasks at once, the browser gets sluggish and responds slowly. 
	Because of this, web workers were added to HTML 5 to allow scripts to operate 
	in the background without interfering with the UI thread. 

  8. Drag and Drop API
	Drag and drop is among the most unique features of HTML5 that allows us to grab any element in the DOM 
	and drop it to a different location. To create an element able to drag and drop, set the attribute 
	“draggable” on the tag and put its value to true.

  9. Form Enhancements
	New features were introduced to create a more robust user experience. Some of the key enhancements are
	email, URL, and more, placeholder text, required fields feature, validation, and more. 

  10. Web Sockets
	In the previous versions of HTML, when a client sends a request to the backend server, the server then 
	responds afterward. However, in HTML 5 we can establish a bidirectional live communication between the 
	server and the client (a web browser) to reduce the latency in the responses. 

	It has its usage in large-scale applications due to its capability of handling large amounts of connections 
	simultaneously between the server and the client such as online gaming 	applications, live trading, and 
	other live low-latency applications. 

  11. Micro Data
	Micro Data in simpler words is a further deeper level to provide semantics to your webpage. This feature 
	is used to structure data in HTML documents by embedding your own customized elements. 

	There are five global attributes: 

	1. itemref, 
	2. itemmid, 
	3. itemscope, 
	4. itemprop, and 
	5. itemtype 
	These attributes are used to give the HTML elements more context to define the role they play in the webpage. 
	Microdata may be used to specify a variety of structured data, such as details about events, items, companies, and more. 
	Here is an example of how microdata can be used in HTML.

  12. Cross Document Messaging
	In general, Web browsers don’t let web pages from different domains influence each other, this is done for several security 
	reasons, however, even if the web pages don’t intend to intrigue the privacy or harm the other web page. There are several 
	scenarios, in which we want to access cross-document communication to make your web page more interactive with less effort. 

	Some of these scenarios are when you want to embed data from third-party sites such as maps, photos, videos, and more. 
	This can be achieved in HTML 5 with the feature of cross-document messaging, to enable real-time communication between 
	different parts of websites opened in different frames, windows, etc. 

  13.Canvas Feature
        Canvas Elements is a top-notch feature that has made the tedious task of handling graphics easier for developers. 
        With the help of Canvas elements, we can easily draw graphics using JavaScript. It is optimum for creating simple 
        animations and drawing photo compositions. 